how's everybody doing this is Ben havoc
I'm here demoing my quilter micro Pro
Mach 2 it will have just come out I
believe when you're seeing this right
now I'm on my tweed setting which I
believe is modeled after like a 57 tweed
I got my gain somewhere around the
middle you know I got my mids at around
3 o'clock treble 2 o'clock and bass like
you know twelve o'clock and all I got a
boost function on here to that I'll show
you so I'll show you some rhythm like
kind of blues rhythm and then I'll put
on my boost and show you some solo stuff
so here we go
alright I'm gonna show you guys sort of
my rock tone now I got my gain at about
three o'clock for all your other
settings you know kind of put them
wherever you want
I'll show you some rhythm first and then
I'll turn on like my boost Channel and
I'll show you some like lead stuff here
we go
okay last but certainly not least gonna
sort of demonstrate the metal tone for
you guys I'm on the smooth channel which
is sort of like a Mesa Boogie mark
series kind of amp and I've got my gain
all the way up at like five o'clock set
all your mids and trebles wherever you
want them
I'll show you like a sort of like a
metal riff without the boost on and then
I'll show you one with the boost so you
can get even more gain if you if you
need it or want it here we go
and